Everyone's talking about AI and
everyone's promising that it's going to
replace jobs, change the industry, and
rewrite the world. But what no one is
telling you is how you can earn from
this wave that's coming on. Not in
theory, not in VC funding, but exactly
you sitting at home and how you can make
money, maybe with nothing but a laptop
and some time. In this video, I'm not
going to give you any recycled ideas
like build your own AI chatbot or build
your own AI SAS. That's not helpful.
Instead, I'm going to share seven
different groundbreaking ways to make
money in 2025 with AI. These are
strategies where I've seen people make
money with no code, no VC funding, no
fancy degree, just purely using the AI
tools that are already available to you.
So, let's begin. Let's start with the
one that almost everyone misunderstands.
AI content strategy. Not AI content
creation, but strategy. Right now,
thousands and thousands of small brands,
consultants, creators are trying to
create content on LinkedIn, on
Instagram, and basically every social
media platform. They're even trying to
start their own blogs, emails, and
newsletters. And let's just say they're
not doing it at their best potential.
And that's your opportunity if you can
use tools like ChatGpt and Gemini to not
only ideulate, outline, and draft your
entire content, but also to give it
structure and your own voice. add in
some clips and pacing. Well, then you're
not just a writer. You actually become
the brain behind their entire content.
Their online presence is now dependent
on you. And it's not just going to be a
one-time gig. If your personal touch is
actually good, well, then your clients
are going to want you back week after
week and basically want you to just
think about their brand 24/7. In 2025,
content doesn't just need to be created.
It actually needs to be directed as
well. And AI can give you the
ingredients, but you you're going to be
the chef behind all of this. Now, once
the content is created, what happens
next? People of course need to find it,
which is why AI powered SEO and backlink
outreach is so much more important than
ever before. The old school model of
digital PR where you're essentially
paying thousands and thousands of
dollars just to get a mention, that's
basically dying now. Instead, what's
working is intelligent AIdriven
outreach. You need to find websites that
are linking your client's competitors
and then use Chat GBT or Gemini to
create a hyperpersonalized message to
these clients. You basically now need to
explain why your client's content or
product is much more updated than their
competitors. You want to explain how
it's relevant, how it's useful, and why
it works. This strategy really works
because AI is basically helping you
research, write, and outreach to
clients. What used to take hours is now
just going to take minutes. And if you
can deliver even 10 highquality
backlinks to your client every month,
that's thousands of dollars of perceived
value for basically work that almost
cost you nothing. This is a gold mine.
Design is also going through a similar
transformation. And I'm not talking
about graphic designers. I'm talking
about becoming an AI design strategist.
Because here's the thing, businesses are
using tools like Canva and Midjourney to
create their content, but they don't
have enough time to generate the prompts
and actually experiment with the content
they're creating. So, if they're trying
to experiment with different thumbnails,
they're probably just generating one of
them and not five of them to test out
which one works the best. And you can be
the one that actually does this. And not
just because you know how to use the
tool, but rather because you know what
actually works and of course what looks
good. You know how to look at
conversions. You're going to be the
person that gets someone to actually
stop scrolling. Whether it's YouTube
thumbnails or Instagram reels or
LinkedIn posts, it's not about creating
AI content, but more so the engineering
behind getting the users's attention.
You'd be surprised at how many creators
are actually spending thousands and
thousands of dollars behind this exact
strategy. Next up is something that is
so simple yet so critical. AI powered
website builders. Every new business
needs a site, but most business owners
still don't know where to start, and
that's where you come in. You can use
tools like Lovable or Bolt to create the
actual website. Use tools like chat GPT
and Gemini to actually create the code
or the prompts that you're going to be
using for these other tools. And then
use tools like Canva or Midjourney to
create the graphics that are going to go
on this website. And within 2 to 3 days,
you'll have fully functioning website.
And with this, you didn't even have to
touch a single line of code. You're not
a developer, but you're someone that
knows how to use the AI tools correctly.
Offer this website as a flat package
rate, maybe $500, $1,000, and the
clients will be more than happy to pay
this to you. And you can even charge
more if you actually add SEO or page
setups and login for the clients. The
most valuable real estate in 2025 isn't
physical, it's digital, and you
basically just became the architect.
Now, let's go a little deeper. Let's
talk about building AI agents for
businesses. not building new AI, but
rather just setting up the AI agents
that already exist and using the AI
tools that are available to you. Right
now, tools like Zapier, Make.com, NAN
provide you a noode, visually appealing
platform for you to create these AI
agents. You can create very smart
workflows, autoresponses, and chat bots
for these businesses. something that
will probably take you at max a single
day. But businesses don't even know
where to start with this. Now, remember
that these businesses are not just
looking for simple answers like, "Hi,
how can I help you?" They want agents
that actually qualifies leads and
actually is able to answer complex
questions. They should be able to
remember previous customer interactions
as well. And trust me, if you've
mastered building these agents out
correctly, businesses will genuinely
genuinely pay for this. and they'll pay
so much money because it really saves
them time, closes their deals, and
actually feels futuristic to the clients
they're serving. Again, you don't need
to be technical. You just need to know
what the problem is exactly and then use
the tools available to you to connect
them all together. Still with me? Let's
shift gears into something that is so
important, education. It is now one of
the most in demand sectors because of
AI. Parents and students are desperate
for personalized learning, but
one-on-one tutoring sessions are
absolutely expensive and generalized
courses are well just too generic and
doesn't really have a great conversion
or completion rate. This is where you
come in to become the learning
architect. Using AI, you can create
hyperpersonalized tutoring programs as
well as smart courses. You can use chat
GPT to design a custom curriculum for
the student that you're serving. Use AI
voice or AI video tools to create a very
engagement curriculum and then set up AI
powered quizzes that adapts to the
students answers. You're not just
providing information here, but you're
actually tailoring an entire package, an
entire curriculum that is going to be
super super helpful for the students.
Package this for high ticket clients
like universities, colleges, and
different schools. Or you can just sell
this as an entire package like a
curriculum or course. And you can do
this at scale because you can use AI to
create content and actually sell these
courses. Now you're not just a teacher,
but you're the future of education. Now
for the most powerful one, the AI
automation agency. This is where you
step out of the freelancer mindset and
into the business mindset. Companies
today are drowning in tools. They've got
CRM, email marketing platforms, Slacks,
messages, and so many other tools that
are all well disconnected. If you walk
in and then understand their workflow
and then say something like, "What if I
can set up a system where the user just
simply sends their emails, fills out a
form, and then they automatically get
added to the CRM, get added to your
backend, and then is able to get an
introductory video without you doing
anything. These businesses will listen
and they will pay you and they will also
refer you. You're not offering a
service, you're rather offering
clarity." And in 2025, parody is very
rare. And if you pick out one specific
vertical such as fitness coaches, agency
owners, or course creators, and then go
deep into this workflow, understand it,
and then build out these systems, you're
going to be in a very, very good
position. You will truly stand out into
the market. So, what should you do now?
Don't try to do all seven. Pick
something that you're actually good at
or something that fits your current set
of skills. If you're good at writing,
start with content creation or YouTube.
If you're good with visuals, then maybe
designing website is up your alley. And
if you're analytical or system focused,
well, then creating agents and creating
workflows is what you need to do. Don't
overthink all this. Just start. Run an
audit, do one free project, and get
results. And then package this outcome,
and then pitch it to three other people.
AI isn't here to replace you. It's here
to partner with you, but only if you
know how to use the correct tools and
how to move along with it. You need to
start building today. So, stop waiting
for the perfect idea. Re-watch this
video and pick out your move. And I'll
see you on the other side. If you want
more deep dives like this, then make
sure to hit the subscribe button and let
me know in the comments what type of
video you want to see next. I'll see you
in my next one. Bye.